* [ ] Looking into preserving tree structure post transaction bug
* [ ] Retiring old arturos  
* [x] Tidying up some PRs around validation etc
* [x] Catch up with zaman and eric around the state of translations
  * [x] agree to help ensure rollout plan rfc gets over the line
