* [ ] KoalAlerts
* [ ] basic vs advanced thinking
  * [ ] naming things is still hard
    * [x] polishing this up some more in preparation for release (waiting on torsten)
* [ ] looking at proposal to split out the publishing schema
  * [x] addressing some more of Toby's comments here
* [x] epic handover chat with bulks
* [x] epic handover chat with tyler
* [x] chatting with michael about flowID
  * [x] some more cards for adding flowId to node entity
* [x] 1:1 with shiyu
* [x] tech leads meeting (SLOs and missing metrics)
* [x] 1:1 with cathy
