* [ ] KoalAlerts
* [x] basic vs advanced thinking
  * [ ] naming things is still hard
    * [x] talking to shiyu about not using flows for modular flows
* [ ] looking at SOC2
  * [x] working with toby and nick d on the doc for SOC2 controls
  * [x] 6pm meeting
* [ ] looking at proposal to split out the publishing schema
* [x] hiring kickoff and catch up with Nick
* [x] trimonthly review of docs etc
